TechStack :

Java Spring Project
Selenium
Maven
TestNg
ApacheLog4J2

Feature Details :

1)Flow execution starts with providing runtime arguments like "headless=true/false",browser="mozilla/chrome" 
to sanity.xml.In future same can be provided by Jenkins.
2)Page objects classes are defined page wise and these page classes will have locators of elements on that page.
This will ensure maintainability in future as all the locators are managed at a single place.
3)All test classes (OyoFlowOne,OyoFlowTwo etc) extends DriverBase class.This is done so that initialization and
 clean up activities can be done automatically.No need for explicit calling from each testclass.
4)Config is managed in a class named Constants.
5)DriverFactory takes care of give instance of browser based on browser type.It has been designed in such a way 
that in future support for new browsers can be added with minimum change.
6)Reports are generated by Testng in target/surefire-reports after test execution. 
7) Binary downloader plugin has been used so that no need to explicit download drivers for each browser,os.
It downloaded all drivers  automatically before test execution starts.   
Checkout file with this path :final/src/test/resources/RepositoryMap.xml . for understanding its usage.


TestCase and Execution Details :

I have created a total of 8 testcases.Command to instantiate execution.Run it from project directory having pom.xml.Make sure your browser version is compatible.   
mvn clean test -Dwebdriver.gecko.driver="src/test/resources/selenium_standalone_binaries/osx/marionette/64bit/geckodriver"  -Dheadless=false -DsuiteXmlFile=sanity.xml   
ShortVideo explaining code and showing overall execution.     https://drive.google.com/file/d/1lrI7GJZwnyDsE7pfRctotWHsYKU21h7d/view

Following enhancements can be done in future :

Selenium grid integration so that test cases can run in parallel.
Execution of testcases post developer commits to leverage ci-cd.
Read config from external sources like vault in case there is some sensitive information in config or something needs to be changed on the fly.
Sonar cube integration to check code smells.Integration with browser stack to check for web application behaviour on different browser and versions.